Update FAQ to include marker gene calculations (#2)
ebi-gene-expression-group/atlas-faqs: atlas-faqs.md

Expression levels are displayed in the heatmap by colour intensity, according to the gradient bar above the heatmap. Hover the mouse above a cell to show a tooltip with the numerical values corresponding to each colour.

### Can I get marker genes for the different experimental groups?

> By checking the 'Most specific' option, an experiment heatmap shows gene expression levels for the 50 most specifically expressed genes across all conditions studied in the experiment selected. Since <a href="https://www.ebi.ac.uk/gxa/release-notes.html" target="_blank">release #42</a>, we have been calculating marker genes in baseline RNA-seq studies using <a href="https://bioconductor.org/packages/MGFR" target="_blank">MGFR</a>. For each gene, MGFR checks whether its highest expression values occur exclusively in one tissue type and exceed a given threshold, and then calculates a specificity score based on the contrast in expression across different conditions <a href="https://europepmc.org/article/MED/31179178" target="_blank"> (El Amrani et al., 2019)</a>. The results (Specificity score < 0.3, Expression level > 0.5) are available in our FTP, and we plan to enable their visualisation in the heatmap in upcoming releases.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
By checking the 'Most specific' option, an experiment heatmap shows gene expression levels for the 50 most specifically expressed genes across all conditions studied in the experiment selected. Since <a href="https://www.ebi.ac.uk/gxa/release-notes.html" target="_blank">release #42</a>, we have been calculating marker genes in baseline RNA-seq studies using <a href="https://bioconductor.org/packages/MGFR" target="_blank">MGFR</a>. For each gene, MGFR checks whether its highest expression values occur exclusively in one assay and exceed a given threshold, and then calculates a specificity score based on the contrast in expression across different conditions <a href="https://europepmc.org/article/MED/31179178" target="_blank"> (El Amrani et al., 2019)</a>. The results (Specificity score < 0.3, Expression level > 0.5) are available in our FTP, and we plan to enable their visualisation in the heatmap in upcoming releases.
```

> By checking the 'Most specific' option, an experiment heatmap shows gene expression levels for the 50 most specifically expressed genes across all conditions studied in the experiment selected. Since <a href="https://www.ebi.ac.uk/gxa/release-notes.html" target="_blank">release #42</a>, we have been calculating marker genes in baseline RNA-seq studies using <a href="https://bioconductor.org/packages/MGFR" target="_blank">MGFR</a>. For each gene, MGFR checks whether its highest expression values occur exclusively in one tissue type and exceed a given threshold, and then calculates a specificity score based on the contrast in expression across different conditions <a href="https://europepmc.org/article/MED/31179178" target="_blank"> (El Amrani et al., 2019)</a>. The results (Specificity score < 0.3, Expression level > 0.5) are available in our FTP, and we plan to enable their visualisation in the heatmap in upcoming releases.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
By checking the 'Most specific' option, an experiment heatmap shows gene expression levels for the 50 most specifically expressed genes across all conditions studied in the experiment selected. Since <a href="https://www.ebi.ac.uk/gxa/release-notes.html" target="_blank">release #42</a>, we have been calculating marker genes in baseline RNA-seq studies using <a href="https://bioconductor.org/packages/MGFR" target="_blank">MGFR</a>. For each gene, MGFR checks whether its highest expression values occur exclusively in one tissue type and exceed a given threshold, and then calculates a specificity score based on the contrast in expression across different conditions <a href="https://europepmc.org/article/MED/31179178" target="_blank"> (El Amrani et al., 2019)</a>. The results (Specificity score < 0.3, Expression level > 0.5) are available in our <a href="http://ftp.ebi.ac.uk/pub/databases/microarray/data/atlas/experiments/" target="_blank">FTP</a>, and we plan to enable their visualisation in the heatmap in upcoming releases.
```

Adds link to FTP

Author: Done here [6790214](https://github.com/ebi-gene-expression-group/atlas-faqs/pull/2/commits/67902142596663e1e20df19ffeca755a6c910af8), I couldn't commit your edit as it was blocked due to previous changes
